NEXT-12729 - Add guide on how to work with icons (#156)
shopware/docs: resources/references/extension-reference/twig-function-reference.md

# Shopware's twig functions

In Shopware, we extend Twig's functionality by custom ones. See our own actions below.

## Functions

| Function | Description | 
| --- | --- |

> | `sw_extends` | Inherits from another file, multiple inheritance is supported |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sw_extends` | Inherits from another file with support for multi inheritance. The API is the same like in twigs default `extends`
```

| `sw_include` | Includes template partials |
| `sw_icon` | Displays an icon from a given icon set| 
| `sw_thumbnails` | Renders a <img> tag with correctly configured “srcset” and “sizes” attributes based on the provided parameters |
| `sw_csrf` | Generates a valid CSRF token and inject it as a hidden input field to the form | 

## Filter

| Filter | Description | 
| --- | --- | 

> | `replace_recursive` | Changes existing options or variables | 

Reviewer: Enables recursive replacement in addition to twig's default `replace` filter

# Shopware's twig functions

In Shopware, we extend Twig's functionality by custom ones. See our own actions below.

## Functions

| Function | Description | --- |
| --- | --- | --- | 
| `sw_extends` | Inherits from another file with support for multi inheritance. The API is the same like in twigs default `extends` | --- | 
| `sw_include` | Includes template partials with support for multi inheritance. The API is the same like in twigs default `include`
| --- | 
| `sw_icon` | Displays an icon from a given icon set| See [Add thumbnail](./../../../guides/plugins/plugins/storefront/use-media-thumbnails.md) guide for details.  | 

> | `sw_thumbnails` | Renders a <img> tag with correctly configured “srcset” and “sizes” attributes based on the provided parameters | See [Add custom icon](./../../../guides/plugins/plugins/storefront/add-icons.md) guide for more information. | 

Reviewer 2: You mixed up the links here, didn't you?

Author: Seems like that, it should be swapped with the one above.

| `sw_csrf` | Generates a valid CSRF token and inject it as a hidden input field to the form | More details in [CSRF protection](./../../../guides/plugins/plugins/storefront/use-csrf-protection.md) guide.  | 

## Filter

| Filter | Description | Remarks | 
| --- | --- |  --- |

> | `replace_recursive` | Enables recursive replacement in addition to twig's default `replace` filter |  --- | 

Reviewer 2: Used here: `guides/plugins/plugins/storefront/add-custom-javascript.md`

Maybe link it as an example?
